---
layout: post
title: "Upgrade?"
description: "Considering hardware upgrades, beginning of Week 14"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "Yea buddeh"
share: true
tags: [blog, fitness, computers]
---
Lately I've been considering a computer upgrade.  Specifically, I want to upgrade my desktop's storage.  Currently my rig has an old hard drive that I salvaged from my old PC.  I still have not yet experienced the luxury and speed of a solid state drive compared to a traditional spinning hard disk.  I researched long ago how to optimize the installation of an SSD in linux when I had a previous intrigue in upgrading.  In the end, I didn't purchase a solid state drive, but I learned a lot about how they work.  Special considerations such as TRIM commands and other file system table (fstab) flags have to be taken into account when upgrading to solid state storage.

Last I researched, the Samsung 840 PRO led all the benchmarks among the various offerings on the market.  I suspect not much has changed, but I do hope prices have dropped.  I will likely take the plunge in the coming weeks.

----

## Fitness

Week 14 started today after I dropped my mom off at the airport this morning for her flight.  I happened to run into an old friend from my TECHNIKA playing days at the terminal.  He too was seeing off family on their trip back overseas.

To start week 14, I reduced the weights on many of my different exercises to let my adjusted diet catch up to my current resistances.  Hopefully with my increased caloric intake this will be the last time I reduce weights for at least a couple of weeks.
