---
layout: post
title: "Blues"
description: "A little down"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "Sigh"
share: true
tags: [blog]
---
Not scheduled for work today, I received a phone call around 9:30 AM from one of my managers.  She asked me if I could fill in for another carver shift in Crystal Lake.  With little hesitation I agreed.  I still have tomorrow off to perform necessary household chores.

After what was likely the easiest carver shift I have ever performed, I was released an hour early.  Initially, I had plans to meet an old friend of mine in Chicago at a newly opened barcade in Logan Square.  I figured working the impromptu shift today would not have any impact on my plans, since I was to hangout later in the evening.  However, when I arrived home I was suddenly overcome with fatigue.  Unwilling to make the trip to Chicago, I contacted my friend and notified him that I was to bail for tonight and look to reschedule for a later date.

With no more plans set, I attempted to take a short nap.  Despite my fatigue, however, I wasn't able to sleep.  I began to wonder what was wrong with me.  Normally, I would be giddy with anticipation of checking out a new barcade with friends.  Today, however, I easily gave up.  After some self-examination I realized wasn't actually physically tired.  I was depressed.

I don't have very many friends.  I do have a couple of very close friends with whom I can easily and comfortably interact with regardless of how long ago we last hung out.  The rest of the contacts on my phone are casual friends I've made through the local competitive fighting game community.  After cycling through the entries on my phone numerous times, I realized there are very few people in my life that I can randomly engage in a chat with.  Those few people were busy and were not available to talk at that time.

And here I was, cancelling a hangout for tonight with one of my casual friends.  Am I really so anti-social?  Was my depression brought on by my realization that I am a boring and low-key individual?  Or was my unwillingness to spend time in a social environment caused by depression?  I don't know.

Regardless, I'm feeling a little bit better now but still slightly depressed.  Hopefully I'll get over this by the time morning comes.  I have weights to lift tomorrow!
