---
layout: post
title: "Too Much?"
description: "Heavy workloads"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "Just put your head down and work"
share: true
tags: [blog, work]
---
As almost anticipated, I ended up working on Tuesday despite being scheduled off for that day.  On my way home from work Monday, I received a call from a manager asking if I can fill in for a closing shift in Crystal Lake the next day.  Naturally, I obliged.  That morning, I awoke to my phone ringing at 8:30.  It was another manager calling me to see if I could work the opening shift.  Our regular weekday opener failed to show up to work and was not responding to phone calls.  It was readily apparent that he had quit.  Instead of having a day off, I ultimately worked a double shift.  The second of which required me to stay an extra hour when one of Crystal Lake's staff left the job halfway through the shift.

After having experience working in Lombard and Crystal Lake, I have much more gratitude for the staff I am blessed to work with back home in Elgin.  The backup I worked with Tuesday night in Crystal Lake was named Sergio.  He had been with the company for over 16 years.  Through our conversations he told me of a time when restaurants would open and close with five, six, or seven staff members to finish all of the necessary tasks.  However, as sales decreased, management was forced to cut hours to meet labor budgets.  Opening and closing shifts enjoyed less luxuries of having abundant staff.  Eventually, all of the work was expected to be done by two or three employees.  This would be especially true for lower revenue generating restaurants such as Lombard and Crystal Lake.  Indeed, in Elgin, opening shifts are typically carried out by three people.

Through this slow process of pruning hours emerged hardened and experienced veterans.  Tested through the trials by fire, these long-tenured members of the company have developed the strong work ethic and efficient workflows necessary to complete all the tasks required for opening and closing shifts at our restaurants.  These are the employees that form the cornerstone of every shift team and to whom managers look for leadership by example.

Of course the downside of this is the introduction of new blood.  Often, and as evidenced by the resignation of our opening carver and Crystal Lake's utility, new hires find the workload of our restaurant too heavy.  They do not possess the efficient workflow the seasoned veterans have yet.  And while they may develop those skills in time, most often quit after the first couple weeks.

This is true for back and front of house.  I experienced it first hand.  There was a line to the door during the busy dinner hour.  On duty for front of house were one cashier with just over a month of experience, followed by one server hired two weeks ago and another server hired a few days ago.  Naturally, order taking and fulfillment took much too long with the new employees.  Customers toward the end of the line left the restaurant, unwilling to wait.  My conversations with Sergio reinforced this point.  He iterated to me that some days the restaurant can do well in generating revenue when customers can file through quickly with the help of fast servers.  But when orders bog down and the servers are slow, business tends to be slow.  Apparently finding talent for front of house is just as difficult as for back of house.

Back home in Elgin, we have many veteran employees whom we consider "superstars."  Between backups, utility, carver, and drive thru positions we have plenty of experienced and skilled staff.  Indeed, our staff is strong enough to handle the heavy workloads and high customer foot traffic.  Our restaurant is historically one of the highest revenue generating branches in the Midwest.  Of course, factors abound to attribute to that success, but I am now a firm believer that our skilled staff with strong work ethics are an integral part of it.  I've always had a great appreciation for our staff and their ability to perform at work, but now I also have a deep gratitude for them.  Because if not for them, our restaurant may see our carvers work only 9 to 2 with just the manager and backup opening the restaurant.
