---
layout: post
title: "Week 5"
description: "Chugging along"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "Uh oh"
share: true
tags: [blog, fitness, work]
---
Today marked the start of week 5 in my Ice Cream Fitness training regimen by Jason Blaha.  Preceeding my workout however was a frustrating day at work.

Typically during my shift, I'll perform at least one or two critical errors that create only headaches for my crew.  Today I definitely performed at least five of them.  I even managed to injure myself!  Mishandling a hot pan, I created several burn sites on my left hand.  Needless to say, the food on said pan went to waste after contacting the floor.  Situations like these inspire a wish for me to not be such an airhead.  I can only hope tomorrow the pain in my hand will subside enough to enable me to handle even lukewarm water without wincing.

Forgetting to bring a change of pants to work, I took this mental lapse as an opportunity to buy a new pair of athletic shorts on the way to the gym.  It felt gratifying to purchase a medium sized pair instead of the typical large or extra large and still fit in them.  Progress!

Fearing my hand injury would negatively impact my ability to lift weights, I approached the gym with some trepidation.  Thankfully, I was able to perform my exercises without experiencing increased pain at the burn sites.  I managed to set new personal records in numerous exercises, but I failed to complete the barbell curls for a second consecutive time.  A reduction in weight is imminent for Wednesday.

----

## Work

One of my colleagues who I work with often was scheduled for tonight's drive-thru shift.  With my morning shift, our times didn't overlap for more than twenty minutes.  Aside from the typical greeting, we didn't interact at all until I came to the window.

After I clock off, I'll typically wash my glasses, and use a napkin from the drive-thru window to dry them off.  Before I could turn around to head out the door, my colleague suddenly asked me a question without any pretense.

"Chris, do you like Janet?"

Doing my best to skirt around her inquiry, I made sure to continue forward progress towards the exit while shifting the conversation.  I offered her no direct answer, though I don't think there is anything I could have said to let her forget the subject.

Apparently she doesn't read my blog.
