---
layout: post
title: "DOMS"
description: "The day after"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "Oooof"
share: true
tags: [blog, fitness]
---
Typically, fitness gyms will have barbells and a set of many different weights to place on those barbells.  The actual weights can vary in mass, usually ranging from as low as 2.5 pounds up to 45 pounds.  The 45 pound weights, however, have their own name among the fitness enthusiasts.  Often times, discussions between gym rats involving how much weight each other is pushing use the term "plates."  Instead of spitting out raw numbers in regards to the amount of weight someone is exercising with, one will typically say "yeah bro, I'm pushing 3 plates."

When I started my weight training over 8 weeks ago, my exercises called for the use of the lighter weights attached to the 45 pound barbell, or none at all.  On June 16, I began my squats using only the bar.  Since then, my progression has been almost entirely linear.  Nearly every workout, I increased the weight by 5 pounds over the previous workout.  Using all sorts of combinations of all the light weights to load up the barbell to my workout's required resistance, I never once used the largest (45 pound) weights for my squat exercises.

Other hard bodies at the gym would typically pump a lot more iron than weak little me.  I never once felt intimidated seeing others squat multiple 45 pound weights.  Rather I found motivation in them.  "One day, I'll be pushing the big weights" would be my mantra.

Yesterday's workout called for squatting 135 pounds for five sets, with five reps in each set.  Subtracting the weight of the bar meant that I would have to load the barbell with 90 pounds--or 2 big plates.  Finally I had graduated to the "plates."

And damn, am I paying for it today!  This morning, simply walking required more effort than normal due to some delayed onset muscle soreness, or DOMS, in my thighs.  My quadriceps in particular ache out when I raise my knees above 45 degrees.  I can only hope I'll feel much better tomorrow, because thanks to completing yesterday's 135 pound squat exercises, my reward is 140 pounds for tomorrow!
