---
layout: post
title: "Stasis"
description: "Patience is a virtue"
category: blog
headline: "So you're saying there's a chance...?"
comments: true
share: true
tags: [blog, work]
---
I approached work this morning with a sense of uncertainty.  I decided that today I would ask my colleague if she would be interested in joining me for lunch in the near future.  Not knowing what to expect, I threw all caution to the wind and adopted a decisive and confident attitude toward the matter.  Shortly after arriving, I wasted little time creating an opportunity to posit the idea.

With a light smile, she wondered aloud if there were any days in the week in which both of us had the free time to eat out.  Citing her hectic work and school schedule, she expressed uncertainty towards the notion, finally settling with an "I'll think about it."  Unsure myself if I was satisfied with her response, I let the matter rest for the remainder of the day.  There was work that had to be done, afterall.

With the normal duties of my 8 hour shift, my attention was spread thinly across many different tasks.  As always, this led to my obligatory one glaring mistake on the shift.  Some days, I'll completely overlook a special instruction on an order, other days I might overcook something.  Today, I mixed two different sauces into a container meant to hold only one.  There simply isn't enough time for me to dwell on matters outside of work when on the job.

The time immediately after arriving home from a long shift is the period I use to unwind and relax.  I'll browse the Internet for news on all my invested topics like Linux, gaming, Twitter, etc.  Even during this period, I didn't think much of the exchange I had with my colleague this morning.  But after making my rounds on the Internet and taking considerations toward the content to publish on this blog for the day, I was instantly overcome with the gravity of my actions.

I just asked a lady out to lunch (or dinner).  She may or may not have interpreted my question as asking her out on a date.  This lady is also a co-worker of mine, who happens to be one of my managers!  Normally, a typical gesture like asking a lady out is nothing much to fret about.  You may be accepted, rejected, or, in my case, asked to wait.  Typically no secondary after effects arise.  But in this situation, where I am asking a colleague out, a set of implications are created.

As with most workplaces, mine participates in a healthy amount of gossip.  Watercooler talk in all workplaces inevitably involves gossip on other employees.  Topics like work ethic, efficiency, and ability to cooperate with others are typical subjects discussed about co-workers, but in reality, anything goes.  Any kind of juicy bit about anyone is fair game.  And the juicier it is, the better.  Personally, I do my best to not involve myself in such discussions.  I feel that adopting an attitude to mind one's own business can help one not only stay focused on the task at hand, but also help achieve good favor with colleagues and superiors.  I believe that staying as aloof as I can from the gossip keeps me invisible from it.  Or perhaps I'm just naive, and everyone's already been exchanging choice words about me.

However, if I wasn't already a hot topic within the gossip circles, I very well could be now.  Asking a colleague out (even casually) and the results of such almost always lead to the most intriguing gossip.

It's likely I'm making much ado about nothing.  Ultimately, I did what I did, and opinions others may have of me as a result shouldn't bear heavily on my mind at all.  Still, I would like some sense of finality with my proposal, however selfish it may be of me to ask.  I'll let the topic simmer and allow my colleague plenty of time to decide.  I will speak no more of it, but likely revisit the subject with her again after the summer semester.

And if she's reading this entry?  Well, I suppose it would create a nice topic of conversation at work.

----

## Fitness

Very fortunate am I to have my personal fitness to focus my attention and efforts towards as a means to deal with the stress of such social interactions.  Today, I visited Sam's Club to buy some more creamer for the family.  I passed by a large pallet of whey protein powder on my way to the register.  Having researched protein powders on the Internet the past couple of days, I decided to purchase a 5 pound bag at the Sam's Club discounted price.  I've never used supplements before (because I never had reason to), but trying new things, especially if it helps with your hobby/lifestyle, is usually a useful endeavor.  I have yet to taste it, but I think I'll try a glass tonight.
