---
layout: post
title: "Arms"
description: "Changing Perspectives"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "He had a roadmap on his arms!"
share: true
tags: [blog, fitness]
---
One change I've noticed as a result of my weight training is my visual evaluation.  Before I started lifting, the only criteria I would assess when seeing strangers was whether she was highly attractive or not.  Nevermind guys.  Since then everyone, especially my friends, receives the fitness eye test.  Numerous times I would meet up with friends and try and suggest personal fitness for them.  Perhaps that approach is a little too invasive, but I try not to be highly coercive.  Even the workplace does not escape my newly trained eye.

One of my colleagues is a fairly tall man in his twenties with a thin build.  One may surmise that he might do aerobic exercise, but that he definitely does not lift weights by bench pressing or curling.  However, one glaring detail defies the rest of his frame.  For as skinny as he is, he has *huge* forearms.  His extensors and flexors digitorum are massive.  If the rest of the muscles in his body correllated with those in his forearms, he would most definitely have the form of a bodybuilder.

Having worked with him on and off for the past year plus, the thought of his muscles never crossed my mind until after I started working out.  Perplexed by the anomaly, I asked him at work directly.

"Why are your forearms so big and vascular compared to the rest of your body?"

He explained to me that he used to do rock climbing.  That was a perfect explanation.  One must have a high amount of grip strength to do an activity like rock climbing.  Climb regularly, and one will definitely see gains in the forearm muscles that create the strong grip necessary.

Interesting how I learned something new about someone that I would not have otherwise thanks to my weight training.
