---
layout: post
title: "Stubborn"
description: "Cold symptoms and fever return"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "Ughhh"
share: true
tags: [blog, health, fitness]
---
Last night, the cold I appeared to have recovered from flared back up.  I experienced a light headache, mild body aches, coughing, and a low-grade fever.  Taking a short trip to the local Walgreens, I purchased some cough suppressant/expectorant and nasal decongestant/pain reliever.  Continuing with my medications this morning, I was able to function well at work.  However, lifting for today's scheduled workout was not in the cards.

I will skip today's workout and use the following two rest days to fully recover from my cold symptoms before returning to the gym on Monday.  Hopefully then I will be completely healthy and my revised diet will allow me to resume my weightlifting progress.

----

## Site Design

The double Beaker background used for my website is beginning to appear stale.  I always liked the facial expression he makes in this photo, and mirroring it on the other side to give the impression that Beaker was meeting his identical twin felt like a satisfying solution as a placeholder.  Now, however, I've grown a little tired of it.  Also, I think the background image could stand to be a little more personal, given the blog nature of my site.  If I were to use a self-portrait(s) as the site background, I wonder what such pictures should portray.

Perhaps I'll find some opportunities to take pictures of myself engaging in various hobbies (tennis, video games, hanging out with friends, etc.).
