---
layout: post
title: "Challenge"
description: "Increasing difficulty"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "Too bad about the phone, Franco kernel is GDLK"
share: true
tags: [blog, fitness, android]
---
One of my colleagues (whom I trained briefly) recently quit the job.  Accordingly, I have been asked to fulfill many of his previously scheduled shifts.  The end result is more hours for me now and in the foreseeable future.  An opportunity to put some money into savings from the extra income will be gladly welcome.  Thankfully, nearly all my shifts are during the daytime, freeing up my nights and allowing me to continue my gym schedules.

----

## Fitness

Today marked the first time I failed to complete my squat exercises in a number of weeks and only the second time overall.  The weight of 140 pounds proved too much for me to squat 5 times in 5 sets, as I failed on the fourth rep of the fifth set.  The coming two off days will give my body plenty of time to recover.  I fully expect to conquer 140 pounds on Monday.

----

## Android

I use a custom kernel on my LG Nexus 5.  The kernel developed by Francisco Franco is highly optimized for battery efficiency.  The problem with it, however, is it doesn't seem to play nice with my phone.  After some extensive and thorough testing the past few days, I've determined that I cannot use the popular kernel without making considerable sacrifices.  Basically, the kernel causes frequent (and annoying) phone reboots.  I'll re-install the stock software and enjoy the stability at the cost of efficiency.  Oh well.
