---
layout: post
title: "On Rejection"
description: "Learning to let go"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "It's like this guy knows me"
share: true
tags: [blog, self-improvement]
---
Another excerpt from a book I read on self-improvement details the differences between alpha and beta males being rejected by women.

> When a woman has no sexual interest in you, but you have made it obvious that you do have such an interest in her, she will reject you in one way or another. This just means that she is turning down your offer to spend more time together to potentially end up as something besides friends, but it feels a lot worse than that to many males.
> 
> *The word rejection itself has a bad ring to it, because we are conditioned to believe it is the end of the world when a female rejects a male. But rejection only feels horrible if you have been going down the wrong path for too long, making friends with women you are in love with without ever letting them know that you are actually not interested in friendship. It is only a big deal to males who do not understand what women want, including the fact that women keep friends separate from lovers.*
> 
> Rejection in real life is very far from the way it is commonly portrayed in movies, where women often make fun of the unattractive male who shows his interest in them and make a big scene out of his misery.
> 
> The reality is far from this dramatic, as direct confrontation is not feminine behavior, but we are conditioned to believe that it could happen. Thus, the fear of failure will keep males from even trying before they have proven that they are good enough or before they have wasted enough time to fall in love and make a last desperate attempt when they are doomed to fail anyway. But I already mentioned that we are not born with many, if any, fears, and that includes the fear of failure. If babies were born with a fear of failure, they would never learn anything and the human species would never have survived as one inevitably fails toward success. Young children are not even aware of the concept of failure, as they intuitively know they are learning from trial and error, through practice and perseverance. That is the mindset you must recover. That you fear failure as an adult is because you have learned it through bad socialization.
> 
> Confident males are not afraid of rejection, do not expect it, or make a big deal out of it when it happens because it does inevitably happen. Even the most attractive, experienced, and successful males in the world are rejected sometimes because some women are lesbian, weird, dumb, afraid, or too busy. But these men have confidence enough to handle whatever happens, they are not bothered by what one woman thinks of them, and they do not flirt with women while expecting the worst. When you are in a confident state of mind you will spend no time thinking about rejection, and when rejection does come, you will just accept it and move on. You might even be a bit surprised or feel sorry for the woman for missing out on you.
> 
> Unconfident, unattractive, unsuccessful males, on the other hand, tend to focus on being rejected and how to avoid it, rather than on doing the right things to get the girl. They think that trying to avoid what you do not want is enough to lead you to what you do want, but that is not how the world works. It is the other way around; you get more of whatever you focus on.
> 
> People who believe rejection is horrible only believe that because they have not experienced rejection enough times. Those who fail do not fail enough. The most unsuccessful males have usually only been rejected a handful of times, with a couple of years in between each occasion, long enough for them to accidently meet a new female, make good friends with her, fall deeply in love with their fantasy version of her by admiring her from afar, only to confess their true feelings for her way too late with the dreaded “let’s just be friends” excuse as a natural consequence.
> 
> If a woman says that to you, it usually means you have already made friends with her, and that takes a long time to do. You have spent a lot of time without flirting with her, which is your big mistake. Men who know how to get girls meet more women in a weekend than you do in a year and they face rejection too, but without wasting months to develop deep emotions before it happens, which saves both time and heartache. Real men are told, “I’m sorry, I’m not interested” or “I have a friend who is single that I would like to introduce you to” when they are rejected. That is pretty much it. No dramatic scenes, no broken hearts, no agonizing pain or suffering to keep them awake at night. It just happens, life goes on, they meet another woman, and she keeps them awake at night.
> 
> Anyone who believes rejection is not quick, painless, and undramatic needs to experience it more times so reality can set in. Most males never learn to deal with it, while some have their hearts broken so many times over several years that they become less sensitive and then finally get over it. But the best way to learn to handle rejection is simply to approach all the women you are interested in, flirt with them boldly right away, and accept the inevitable when it occurs.
> 
> The worst thing you can do is not to flirt boldly with women and instead hide your intentions from them because that is how you end up wasting a lot of time with women and fall in love with them only to be rejected when it hurts the most, rather to get it over with before you are emotionally and financially committed (considering time is money even if you have not spent a dime).
> 
> My point is that if you are going to be rejected, then the sooner the better, because if a woman actually has no interest in you, it is in your best interest to find out as soon as possible. This does not mean you should ask something foolish like “Am I bothering you?” or “Do you have a boyfriend?” because that would not reflect confidence, and you should still act as attractive as you can. Many males who ask such foolish questions rationalize that it is the polite thing to do and that it shows they respect a woman’s opinion. What they are really doing, however, is the complete opposite of respecting her.
> 
> A woman will tell you for sure if you really are bothering her, and if you bring it up you are only making her suspicious and, hence, increasing the risk of her rejecting you. If she has a boyfriend or a marriage that she considers more important than getting to know more about you, allow her to make that decision herself, and wait for her to say so. Do not ask about it directly, and do not probe her indirectly to try to figure it out. Let her make up her own mind without leading her on. That is how you show a woman proper respect without ruining your own chances to seduce her. There is no need to create even more problems for yourself, because there are plenty of challenges that you must deal with when seducing a woman anyway.
> 
> Regardless of whether you have just met a woman or are dating one already, you should continuously flirt with her to make sure that she knows what you want and to keep things moving forward. If you then run into resistance that persistence seems unable to penetrate, it is best if she rejects you so that you know for sure that it is time to move on. The less time you have known a woman, the easier it will be for her to do so, but if she is being unclear for an extended period of time, you might have to explicitly tell her that you want to have sex with her. That usually works, either way.
> 
> While you should not go out looking for rejection or spend any time thinking about it, when it does happen, you should take it like a man. Many males who lack charm make that crystal clear when they overreact and instantly become rude or insult women as soon they are turned down, pretending they were not that interested in them after all. The only thing such lameness accomplishes is to confirm that the woman just made the right choice, and word may begin to spread about what an uncharming moron you are. To have such a reputation can serve you no good; it may only come back to haunt you, and rightfully so.

As much as I don't want to believe the author's viewpoints, I have no way to deny them as his words describe my situations exactly.  I really do have to change my mindset and become a real man if I want to stop having the same life experiences over and over.  Though it's too bad I didn't read this book sooner, I must apply the lessons the author teaches to my life in my journey of self-improvement.  You live and learn, I guess.
