---
layout: post
title: "Eye Exam"
description: "Checkup"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "Need some shades"
share: true
tags: [blog]
---
I scheduled an eye exam at America's Best yesterday.  My last eye exam was almost exactly 5 years ago (March 26, 2010).  With both myopia and astigmatism, my vision has indeed grown worse in that five year span.  Thankfully, the difference is small enough that I don't quite feel the need to replace my existing pair of eyeglasses.  However, with sunny days impending, I do want a pair of sunglasses.  Of course, I can't simply buy a pair off the rack unless I choose to wear contact lenses.  Maybe someday I'll pursue contacts in the near future.

Until then, I've been reasearching sunglass frames and looking around the Internet for a reputable and cost-efficient lens dealer.  I've learned quite a bit already about the various solutions available to me.  Considering my grades are -5.75 and -6.50, I'm in the market for what is known as *high index* lenses.  These lenses are manufactured thinner and lighter than traditional polycarbonate lenses, though they do not take color tints very well.  To use high index lenses in a pair of sun frames would require having them polarized.  Polarizing is a process that's relatively inexpensive for cheaper plastic and polycarbonate lenses.  However, adding polarization to high index lenses is significantly more costly.

At least the price barrier will give me more time to further educate myself in making a more informed purchase.

I've learned that most brand name eyewear isn't actually manufactured by the brand company.  Rather, most of the designer companies lease their branding to a large eyewear manufacturing company.  That company then sells their product to retailers who also apply their own markup.  For this reason, I've been leaning towards making my frame purchase through independent companies producing and retailing their own proprietary frames.  Sites like [warbyparker.com](http://warbyparker.com) and [zennioptical.com](http://zennioptical.com) offer in-house designed frames at fractions of the cost of brand name eyewear.  Now if I can find some frames I actually like...
