---
layout: post
title: "Connect"
description: "Keeping in touch"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "Hmmm"
share: true
tags: [blog, work]
---
A couple of weeks ago, one of my colleagues was relocated to a different branch restaurant.  A long time employee of our store, I worked with her fairly often.  However, it wasn't until about eight months into my employment when I worked my first shift with her.

I started with short day shifts before I was given more hours as I learned the different crew functions.  My first real shift with her came on a Sunday morning early last year.  I had already been working back in the kitchen for some time, developing efficiency in my workflow.

The two of us likely shared more differences than commonalities.  The one thing we did share was a strong work ethic.  That common trait alone is probably what allowed us to work well toghether despite my sporadic tirades.  It has only been about two weeks since she left and I already miss her.

----

One of my old Technika friends was accepted into the JET (Japanese English Teaching) program.  An avid Japanophile, I met her from playing Technika at Gameworks a number of years ago.  We've stayed in touch ever since Technika fell off and remained close friends.  With her leaving overseas for a while, perhaps permanently, we decided to catch up over ramen later this week.

She, along with my relocated co-worker, is a frequent Facebooker.  I used to browse Facebook a lot.  Years ago, the site was the source of almost all my news and entertainment on the PC.  However, for many years now, my Facebook usage averages 1-2 logins per month.  Something about its ephemeral nature turns me off to most social media like Facebook.  But, I may have to simply realize its popularity among everyone I know.

People come and go in life.  As many cool and interesting people one may encounter, there's only so many one can really maintain relations with.  Facebook and other such social media outlets enable people to stay in contact with each other across time and location barriers.  Now, the kind of contact sites like Facebook facilitate and whether such online interactions are really all that meaningful is another discussion.

I am of the opinion that while it may be convenient to maintain what little relations can be maintained by sharing wall posts, the connection established in face-to-face or even phone interactions outweighs the time commitment something like Facebook requires.  I can spend an hour or so over a bowl of food at a Japanese restaurant with Michelle and have a much more interesting and fulfilling conversation than I can spending an hour or more over the course of the week catching up on her status updates.  Of course, the problem is I can't do that when she's living in Japan, much in the same way I can't argue with Brittany when she's moved to a different branch.

One of two things will occur.  Either I will cave in and conform to the Facebook status quo, or I will do things a more old-fashioned way and try a more direct approach once in a while.  The one thing I refuse to do is simply forget all the cool people in my life.
