---
layout: post
title: "Advice"
description: "Administering counsel"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "Just lift, bro"
share: true
tags: [blog, fitness]
---
I missed my workout on Wednesday due to work and some other obligations that came up.  I figured I would shift the Wednesday workout to Thursday and the Friday one to Saturday.  That changed on Thursday when work asked me if I could fill in a closing shift that night.  Resigned to my fate, I accepted the fact that I would have to skip workout 2 of this week.

However, that night, my manager told me that she was going to her gym after the shift and that she would be willing to take me on as a guest, as per her membership perks.  About a week ago, we started conversation about exercise and our personal goals in physical fitness.  I had just about finished assembling resources from the Internet to share with her by the time Thursday came.  But before I gave her any suggestions, I wanted to know more about the gym she goes to.  Naturally, I obliged to join her.

The manager has a membership at Planet Fitness.  I had heard things about the gym before, but I had never stepped foot in one.  Much of what I had heard about PF was confirmed when I entered.  Treadmills and ellipticals abound, with most of the floor space dedicated to the cardio equipment.  Not one barbell was present.  The fixed-weight bars and dumbbells maxed out at 60 pounds.  There were numerous Smith presses and no squat racks.

Learning what I have about the gym's equipment, I now need to rethink some of the suggestions I was going to give to my manager.  I'll have to make substitutions for all the free weight workouts using either dumbbells or the circuit machines.  Changing the exercises in such a way will also likely affect the number of sets and repetitions to do.

Hopefully my manager will find some or all of my suggestions useful.  If she does indeed take my advice and makes gains toward losing fat and gaining muscle, ideally by then she'll heed my best piece of advice.  Switch from Planet Fitness.
