---
layout: post
title: "Rental"
description: "Finding a way"
category: blog
comments: true
headline: "Do I get paid extra for this?"
share: true
tags: [blog, work]
---
After a busy and mentally taxing (I'll elaborate on that next time) closing shift on Friday, I slept in this morning knowing I didn't have to wake up early.  After about 8 or 9 hours of sleep, I eventually made my way to the kitchen to find a note on the countertop.  My mom had taken the car for a social outing today.  She left twenty dollars and wrote for me to "take a cab to work."  Normally taking a cab, or even walking, to work would be a trivial thing.  I live about 7 miles away from work.  Today, however, I was scheduled to work some twenty-something miles away in Lombard.  I guess I forgot to tell her.

A call to American Taxi gave me a quote for $46 one way.  Downloading Uber to my phone, I got an estimate at $26 to $34 for an uberX ride.  With both options rather pricey and only one-way, I was almost resigned to calling in.  However, somehow I came up with the idea of trying a rental car.

I called up the local Enterprise and the automated answering service promoted their "$9.99 weekend special."  Naturally, I inquired about that promotion with my sales rep.  There happened to be one car remaining on the lot that qualified for use on the special promo.  I had them pick me up at home to seal the deal.  Before the porter arrived, I called up my agent from my car insurance company to ask whether I should pay for the extra insurance Enterprise would offer me.  Thankfully, my policy covers rentals!  Without paying extra for insurance, my grand total came to $25.06 for the weekend!  I could have upgraded to a mid-size sedan for $14.99 a day, but the compact Chevy Sonic at $9.99/day was more than enough.  All I really need is something to get me from A to B, afterall.

I should get a credit card, though.  Paying for a rental car using a debit card makes things a little more complicated than they should be.  Perhaps I'll do some research tomorrow on what kinds of credit cards are available and which one would suit me best.
